[James] Previously. on Power...
I fucking hate my dad.
He's a fucking liar.
[James] Kanan kidnapped Tariq.
Kanan's a bad man.
He murdered his own son.
Shawn said he was in jail for a long time.
Is that why he was mad at you?
[Tasha] You and Tommy just riding around
with Kanan. like this ain't his fault?
Your son is fucked up because of Kanan.
Our son almost died because of Dre.
I'm ready to become my own man.
Ready to be a hustler.
-Just like you.
-[chuckles]
If you fuck with me.
you better kill me. nigga.
Because I swear to God. you best believe
I'm going to get you back.
-Where is the tape now. Joe?
-It's destroyed.
You do what I fucking say! That's my shit!
My organization!
[James] I need you to take out
Jason Micic.
I'll do it for you
if you do something for me.
Diego Jimenez.
[shots fired]
I took care of business.
We need to bounce now.
A hitter from the Jimenez
is on his way over.
There's only one way out of this.
The murder weapon?
You told me it was gone.
I'm going to turn myself in.
If anybody's going down
for my family. it's me.
They say this is a big. rich town
I just come from the poorest part
Bright lights. city life
I gotta make it.
This is where it goes down
I just happen to come up hard
Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it
I never took a straight path nowhere
Life's full of twists and turns
Bumps and bruises
I live. I learn
I'm from that city full of yellow cabs
And skyscrapers
It's hard to get a start in these parts
Without paper
Homey. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven
That corner every 15 minutes
They moving seven
Pure snow. bag it. then watch it go
Occupational options
Get some blow or some hos
Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack
Fuck it. man. in the meantime
Go ahead and pump a pack
This my regal. royal flow
My James Bond bounce
That double-O-seven
That's 62 on my count
I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers
Look a bitch in the eyes and tell her
Baby. I love ya
You're my inspiration
You're my motivation
You're the reason that I'm moving
With no hesitation
They say this is a big. rich town
Yeah. I just come
From the poorest part
Bright lights
City life I gotta make it
This is where it goes down
- Oh. yeah
- Yeah
I just happen to come up hard
Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it
No one is turning themselves in.
It's an emotional decision.
not a rational one.
I've already made the decision. okay?
Mr. St. Patrick.
why did you kill Raymond Jones?
Because he killed my daughter.
What was your pre-existing relationship
to the deceased?
-I didn't have one.
-Then how did you find him
the night you say you killed him?
I followed him.
But how did you know where
to find him in the first place?
Tell me. Mr. St. Patrick. how do you know
Raymond Jones killed your daughter?
Was there a witness?
Uh. if you give me a fucking minute.
I can give you these answers.
The police aren't going to give
you a fucking minute. Ghost.
Why would Detective Jones
kill your daughter?
And Mr. St. Patrick. if you are so sure
Detective Jones
is responsible for your daughter's death.
why wouldn't you come to the police?
Why would you take the law
into your own hands?
There is not one lie.
there's not a hundred lies good enough
to satisfy any of those questions.
The road will lead back to Tasha. to me.
and then it will lead to Tariq.
We have to come up with a better solution.
Fuck.
Andre Coleman.
You want to frame Dre?
What's he got to do
with Tariq and Raymond Jones?
[James] He introduced them.
All of the trouble that Tariq is in
is because of Dre.
Can you prove the connection?
Do you even know whether or not he has
an alibi?
I got it. Angela. okay?
I just need to talk to a few people.
Tasha. I'm going to need
that gun soon. okay?
So please keep it in a safe place.
You guys can catch me on the cell.
-[door closes]
-Framing someone is the right idea...
but not Dre.
If not Coleman. then who?
You know the name Kanan Stark?
[Blanca] Terry Silver's gone. in the wind.
-He dodged the subpoena?
-Hard to say.
His office says leave of absence.
but his apartment's empty. furniture gone.
Damn. must have skipped town in a U-Haul.
It sounds like someone
has something to hide.
Which means there's something wrong
with Tasha St. Patrick's story
about her supposedly stolen gun.
The subpoenas to LaKeisha Grant
and the others are still going out.
They can't hide everyone.
Our indictment on James St. Patrick
is imminent. with or without Silver.
Thanks for chasing Silver. Blanca.
Yeah.
-[door opens]
-[Donovan] After you.
-What have you got?
-I ain't got jack shit.
There's no surveillance footage
at the time Tony Teresi
said James St. Patrick
killed Marshal Williams.
Cameras just happened to be down.
-I guess we're out of luck here.
-Except Teresi is a witness.
Yes. but we don't want to burn him
on this unless we have to.
Proctor doesn't know that.
He just got his license back.
I bet he'd like to keep it.
See if you can squeeze him for information
on William's death.
And be careful. We share an office
with Valdes.
Make sure she doesn't find out
what we're doing.
She is the last piece of this puzzle.
So. how'd it go down?
Diego. done. but your boy
Ghost never showed.
The other boy. Kanan. did.
Okay. did you shoot him?
-[2-Bit] No.
-Why?
Because that ain't what you
told me to do. remember?
I do shit your way and your way only.
Like. you said kill Ghost.
you ain't say nothing about Kanan.
Motherfucker. got that right.
Why the fuck you ain't call me. man?
Because you ain't tell me to.
All right.
Ghost and Kanan are working together.
and Ghost must have sent Kanan
to do his dirty work.
But when y'all niggas get
another clean shot. take it.
Shit. if I would have known.
I could have popped him right there.
We had him dead in our sights.
Oh. shit.
Damn. Chris. you looking casket sharp.
[2-Bit] You got an arraignment
or some shit?
Not that it's your fucking business.
but we got clubs to set up. Let's do this.
Hey. so uh. let me. um.
talk to y'all later.
When we meet with Quinn.
you call me Mr. Coleman. all right?
-You're kidding. right?
-Do I look like I'm kidding?
You're the boss.
How the fuck did you get the drop
on Diego?
Last minute opportunity.
we had to move fast.
-Without telling me?
-Just call Jason and buy us some time.
Yeah? What if he don't believe me?
Got the nigga's head if you want it.
[phone beeps]
It's on ice if you want it for proof.
Uh. yeah.
I got some shit to do.
I'll drop the head by later.
Okay.
[door opens. closes]
Yo. Tommy. listen brother.
I need your help on something.
-but Kanan can't know about it.
-You always keeping secrets.
I'm trying to frame Dre
for Ray Ray's murder.
Dre? But we need him
to get to Alicia first.
I know. but Tommy.
the cops are fucking gaining on 'Riq.
So. if we don't move fast.
then Tariq ends up in jail--
Okay. what we got to do?
Well. first of all.
we gotta link Dre to Ray Ray.
The day that Ray Ray got shot.
I told you that I saw him talking to Dre
out on the street. seemed like business.
But we got to prove it.
so I'll see what I can dig up.
-Once we do that. we got to take Dre out.
-[phone buzzes]
[scoffs] I was expecting more enthusiasm.
-Is that Jason Jason?
-Who the fuck else would it be?
Once we get Dre.
we got to move on Alicia fast.
Yo. Tommy. you roll with me somewhere?
I got to check out a spot.
[elevator bell dings]
Uh. congrats on getting your license back.
You know. I would have gotten you a cake.
but no one likes you.
Oh. yeah? I figured you couldn't afford it
on your bullshit government salary.
[laughs] Oh. hey. it's Cousin Benny.
-Hey. go fuck yourself.
-Keep it moving.
[Saxe] Eh. catch up with him later.
This way.
After you.
What was that about?
Just a chat with your cousin
about your social life.
I'm going to nail you
on that perjury charge.
It's not going to stick.
If not that. maybe this will.
[Saxe] Marshal Clyde Williams.
A little hard to recognize the face.
you know.
You put in a request
to have him transferred
out of the Manhattan Correctional Center.
Yeah. that guy. oh.
He had a history of complaints
against him. He's a bad motherfucker.
Jeez. someone got to him. huh?
St. Patrick murdered him
the day before he was released.
James. Come on.
He's a numbers guy. He runs a business.
Hey. you know. unless you start
cooperating with us.
we're going to charge you
as a conspirator. Proctor.
The consigliere of James St. Patrick's
criminal organization.
Consigliere?
Eh. you guys watch too many movies.
You've been instrumental
in every move he's made.
You're like a-- A little shadow
everywhere St. Patrick goes.
[John] For instance. you knew your boss
had a problem with Williams.
And with his tendency to kill people
he has a problem with.
you tried to transfer the problem away.
-Speculation.
-You were the last person
-to see Bailey Markham.
-Conjecture.
And you represented both Thomas
Egan and James St. Patrick.
Which proves absolutely nothing.
Your fingerprints are on everything. Joe.
-It's just a matter of time.
-Okay. for this to even begin to stick.
you have to prove that James St. Patrick
killed Williams
the night before he got out.
Now. why would he do that
and risk everything?
It makes no sense.
We have a witness to the murder.
[Saxe] Ball's in your court. player.
[Kanan] This right here
is a pound of weed.
That's a kilo of coke.
Kids at my school love this shit.
How much is it worth?
That's Xanax.
There's a thousand bars in the pack.
I get each pack for a thousand.
It's worth like.
five dollars on the street.
But if you serving them rich
white boys up at your school.
you can get them off for like ten.
15 with resort pricing.
Damn. that's almost 15.000.
I looked up my school tuition.
I could pay that with five re-ups.
Not quite. because every package you move.
you bring me 11 Gs.
Don't get greedy. young bull.
That shit add up quick.
Patience.
Yeah. that still is a lot.
I want to start moving now. though.
What the fuck? You-- You got a plan
on how to going to move this shit?
Where you going to hide the cash?
You don't ever want to get caught slipping
with both of them in the same place.
What classes you taking in school?
Biology. philosophy. economics.
pre-calc. Italian. and history.
That's what I thought.
they ain't teaching you the shit
that I'm doing.
Let's hold on your supply.
You got more to learn.
I got to recruit a few niggas.
I think you learn a thing or two.
You coming or not?
Yeah.
Quinn. This is Diego Martinez.
He will be overseeing
my clubs while I'm out of town.
so. I just wanted you two
to get to know each other.
Well. it's a good thing you hired him.
because you are going to Paris
sooner than expected.
I like the sound of that.
Diego. do you feel comfortable
taking over operations so quickly?
Yeah. yeah. Mr. Coleman and I
have known each other
for a long time.
I'm familiar with the way
he likes to run things.
And you have a background in nightclubs
and entertainment?
I grew up helping my cousins
run restaurants in Miami.
Shit. when I was 18. I started promoting.
Been in nightclubs ever since.
Well. it seems like we are in good hands.
So. you can call me anytime.
Andre. my office will be in touch
about travel plans.
Okay...
That was. uh. a good touch
on that Miami story. man. That was nice.
Why's that got to be a story?
Yeah. bring it in.
It's good to see you again. Kanan.
What's with the kid?
You got all your bodyguards.
I thought I should bring mine.
[chuckles]
What can I do for you?
I know you've been down a supplier
since that shootout shit.
I want to be your next one.
I thought you worked for Tommy.
He send you here?
Tommy's out the game for a minute.
He had some issues with a former partner
who was like a brother to him.
Real sad shit.
Turns out. his boy. Ghost.
is who called the hit
that got your boy. Nicolas.
here popped in the leg.
Well. you're going
to take care of him. right?
Sorry to hear of these troubles.
I'm running my own game now.
Same product. better price.
Just none of Tommy's drama.
That shit Tommy got you was good. right?
It's selling well. no complaints.
So what we waiting for?
-[in Italian] Think we can trust this guy?
-Yes.
You can trust him.
[in English] What's that. 'Riq?
I asked if I could trust you.
He says I can.
Now I see why you brought the kid.
We're going to do this on a trial basis.
[phone clicks. taps]
What are we getting
from just sitting here?
Shh.
[indistinct chatter]
They look like us.
Except Dre got Crustyballs in a suit.
Punk-ass pretty boy bitch motherfucker.
Why would he be bringing
Cristobal into the clubs?
Why would he do that?
Who the fuck cares?
Now we know where Dre's spot is.
we'll catch him here.
Now. I got a little family dinner
I got to get to.
You couldn't invite a brother? Damn. man.
Oh. okay. I get it.
your other family. okay.
So. you still drinking
Teresi's Kool-Aid. cool.
Look. since you got plans in your head.
but you don't like to share.
you let me know when you ready
to make a move.
I'ma walk from here.
[elevator bell dings]
What. is she here to arrest you
or something?
She's here to help.
Help who? Dad?
No.
Your dad is not involved in this.
He knows nothing about it.
-It's just us.
-[Angela] I'm here to help your mom.
And to help you.
-I don't trust her.
-[Tasha] But I do.
When it comes to this. Come here.
[Angela] I need information
about Raymond Jones.
About who he was working with.
Anything you have will be helpful.
All right. well. he used to hang out
with this woman named Jukebox.
She was a dirty cop from D.C.
They ran licks together.
They used their uniforms as a disguise.
I guess.
How did you meet Jukebox?
Through a friend. Kanan.
[Angela] Does Kanan know Raymond Jones?
[Tariq] Yeah. he knew him.
but they never kicked it.
Where's Jukebox now?
I believe she's dead.
Kanan killed her. right?
This is what you wanted me
to come home for?
Your mother tells me your friend. Kanan.
may have killed his son. Shawn Stark.
Do you know anything about that?
You're framing Kanan like you
and Ghost did when I was a little kid.
-Yes. he needs to take the rap.
-You're working with her.
The woman that ruined our lives.
The woman that broke
our whole family apart.
The woman who arrested Ghost
for the one thing he didn't fucking do.
I knew Ghost was a traitor.
I thought maybe he made you
help him set up Kanan.
But you're no better.
-You're a fucking backstabber. too.
-You better listen to me. boy.
Catching the charge for Ray Ray
is the least Kanan deserves.
No matter what me and your dad have done.
Kanan has done worse.
He killed Shawn. his own son.
Don't you forget that.
He was good to me.
Ain't nobody in the goddamn
history of the world
been better to you than me.
I'm your mother!
I could go to jail for this.
Tariq...
it's either me...
or Kanan.
Find another way. Ma.
'Riq!
[sobs]
[vocalizing]
-[Tommy] Hey.
-Hello!
-You made it.
-Look at you!
-Come on.
-Oh. wow.
-Right?
-Wow. wow. wow.
Welcome to my humble abode.
I told you. Hey. Tommy. Tommy.
-I got you this.
-It smells so good in here.
-It's wine.
-Doesn't it smell good?
-Mm-hmm.
-[Tommy] Oh. Chianti.
-[chuckles]
-Do you have a cook?
Hi. welcome.
Hey. this is Connie. and my dad.
-This is my girl. LaKeisha.
-It's nice to meet you both.
-[laughs] Hi!
-Nice to meet you.
-It's nice to meet you.
How you doing?
Oh. goodness. you're beautiful.
Thank you. You could use
some of your dad's charm.
Oh. you ain't even heard him
speak Italian yet.
How did that go. Dad?
[speaks broken Italian]
-Come on.
-[speaks Italian]
Oh. I don't know what half
of what I just ate was.
but it was delicious.
My compliments to the chef.
-Thank you.
-Wow.
Yo. Connie. I got to tell you.
you one smart woman.
Me and the old man. we checked
out an ambulance place.
-It was perfect.
-Mm. good. good.
I'm happy to have helped you
in your. um. search.
Oh. no. no. no. no. It's all good.
I don't keep nothing from 'Keisha.
Really? You trust her that much?
I do.
[Connie] That's easy to say now.
But wait until they've locked her
in a box for two days.
See if you feel the same way then.
Well. it wouldn't be the first time.
Yeah. we've been through
some shit together already.
'Keisha ride or die.
I don't know what the fuck you're saying.
-[all laugh]
-I don't mean to be rude.
but men like these.
it's more hard than easy.
They took Tony away for 25 years.
I thought he'd never come back.
Right now. we're lucky.
We're living on borrowed time.
You know what?
-You never let me down.
-No.
Because I love you.
You dumb palooka.
[LaKeisha] Well. we've been through
some shit. too.
I thought we was through.
but then Tommy came back
into my life. and I really feel like
he has my back this time.
Yeah.
I'm in for whatever.
That's hard to find in a man.
so. when you find it.
you don't let it go.
Well. in that case.
welcome to the family. 'Keisha.
[laughs]
-Salud.
-[LaKeisha] Salud.
Salud.
Andre Coleman.
And LaVerne Ganner. Kanan's cousin.
[knock on door]
Thought you took the day off.
I didn't.
So how's my recommendation
coming along. Boss?
How's your independent investigation
into Tommy Egan coming along. John?
-So. you know.
-[Angela] I know.
And I want to know
what you're keeping from me.
Don't we all want
to get the bad guys here?
Cute.
-And way to play the white hat.
-[chuckles]
This is Saxe. huh?
Don't get caught up in his vendetta. John.
It predates you. it predates Greg.
Saxe has always been out to get me
and never won.
You're really going to give up
a corner office
with an entire team
who answers to you in D.C.
for Cooper Saxe?
I can't wait to get as far away
from this office as possible.
We got a CI. some old guy close to Tommy.
but nothing concrete yet.
-What's his name?
-Confidential informant.
It's Saxe's contact. and he's playing
it close to the vest.
So are you gonna call D.C. or what?
[keypad beeps]
We got good news. Tash.
Angela got us surveillance of Dre
and Ray Ray in the street together.
which means they're officially linked.
Great.
So. I just got to get her
a few more details
so. she can make her full case.
and me and Tommy take care of Dre.
[inhales]
Would it be better
to maybe frame somebody
with a lower profile?
Dre's profile ain't as high as he acts.
I mean. somebody who's completely
off the radar.
No family. no friends. no job.
Somebody nobody would miss.
Sure. but I don't know anybody else
in Ray Ray's crew.
What about Kanan?
-[scoffs]
-Kanan saved our son.
Dre put him in harm's way.
See. you don't want to target Kanan.
because it would mean
you would have to admit
that everything that's happened
is your fault.
The shooting at Truth. Killing Rolla.
Everything about Tariq. Raina's death.
It's your fault.
It's Dre.
But what if your plan goes wrong. Ghost?
[both laugh]
-Tonight. oh. my God.
-[both moan]
All right. all right.
-Tommy. Tommy.
-Why stop?
-Tonight meant so much to me.
-Yeah?
Yes.
They weren't too tough on you?
You know. sometimes. old folks.
they got a certain way
of looking at things.
No. I can handle it.
[laughs]
And you stuck up for me.
That's what matters.
[knock on door]
What the fuck?
Who you got coming over
this late at night?
Tommy. ain't no nigga
coming over here.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Let me answer the door.
-Go ahead.
Answer the door.
Fuck you want?
-Is LaKeisha Grant here?
-Who wants to know?
Yes. I'm here.
-You've been served.
-Wait. come here.
Better run. motherfucker.
-What the fuck?
-What is it?
A subpoena to appear
in front of a grand jury?
For what?
For the murder of Raymond Jones. NYPD.
Tommy. is this about Tasha's alibi?
The one she wanted me to give
for her and Tariq?
-Yo. you said it wouldn't come to this.
-I know.
And when I said that.
I thought it wouldn't.
So what am I supposed to do?
Lying to the police is one thing.
But lying in a courtroom. under oath?
Yo. they could send you to jail for that.
You gave Tasha your word.
So that's what this is about.
You coming back into my life.
No. No way.
You know better than that.
I just don't want something bad happening
to the family because you got scared.
I am scared.
-And I got a goddamn right to be.
-I know. and it's fucked up.
But I'll tell you this.
Tasha is smart. talk to her.
If we gonna get out of this thing.
you got to do what she says.
And then. we ain't fucking
with her or Ghost anymore.
[exhales]
[knock on door]
[James] Hey. son.
I got a question for you.
When you were running with Kanan.
you ever see Dre and Ray Ray together?
Yep. in your friend. Breeze's apartment.
where you killed him.
Did Kanan tell you that?
You killed your own friend. Breeze.
For some territory?
To get ahead in the game?
Breeze was a bad dude.
He was gonna get us all killed.
You come in here
asking me about Kanan. why?
You want to frame him again?
Tariq. I do what I need to do
to solve problems.
I'm not framing Kanan to solve this one.
I promise you that.
You're going to frame Dre. How though?
He wasn't there. how are you
going to prove he was there?
And then what if that doesn't work?
-Then Mom goes to jail?
-No. if that doesn't work.
then I turn myself in for Ray Ray.
Not your mother. I'm your father.
your life is my responsibility.
Yeah. right.
you'll just find another way out.
You're my son. all right?
And what that means is
I would do anything for you.
Including sacrificing my life
to give you the future
I think you deserve.
You don't have to believe it.
but it's true.
So you're going to jail. not Ma?
Tariq. no one in this family is going
to jail if I can help it.
but yes. I'll take the rap. not Ma.
Tariq.
We need to talk.
-Twenty. 40. 60. 80. 100.
-Yeah. yeah. I know how much it was.
-How the fuck did you make that shot?
-[laughs]
Yo. your game is on today.
I've been thinking about this shit.
How did you and Ghost get close enough
to Diego Jimenez to pull that trigger?
From what I can come up with.
Dre wanted Diego dead.
Ghost made a deal.
With Dre?
-Why the fuck would he do that?
-Why is not the question.
What you should be asking yourself is.
what's Dre's side of the deal?
Who's supposed to get dead? Me. you?
[door opens]
[alarm chirps]
-What up. fellas?
-What's up. Ghost?
Hey. Tommy. I need to rap
with you for a minute.
K. you mind if we have the room?
You always send a motherfucker
out the room like a goddamn kid.
Like you forget who taught you
the game in the first place.
Yo. K. you ain't got to go.
I was headed out. anyway.
Y'all play nice.
Later. K.
Did you know that LaKeisha
got a subpoena
to appear in front of a grand jury?
-Shit.
-You goddamn right. shit.
She got to go under oath. and lie about
where 'Riq and Tasha were
the night Ray Ray got shot.
I think I got a plan. Tommy.
It'll keep 'Keisha and all of us safe.
-Yeah. why don't that make me feel better?
-Look. when I was on the inside.
was Dre running product through Truth?
Because I did the books. Tommy.
He made too much money in there.
-Yeah. that's how we did it.
-We?
And you got an issue
with me keeping secrets?
Come on. Tommy. do you understand
how much you put at risk by doing that?
Yeah. I do. my life.
Milan kept us in it.
Petar said keep going.
-I didn't have a choice.
-Okay. Tommy.
I'll just use that. all right?
I'll say I fired Dre for running drugs
through the club.
Then he reached out to his contact.
Ray Ray. to get revenge on me.
Of course. we've got to make sure
that we keep his drug dealing
separate from ours.
And then when we kill that nigga.
we just drop a La Arana card on him.
Yo. I got one better.
We still got Diego's head. right?
We drop that shit in Dre's place.
that gives the Jimenez motive.
That's better. and then we drop
the murder weapon on him. too.
Wait. what the fuck murder weapon?
Tasha said she got rid of the gun.
She told me the same shit.
I'll explain later. all right?
I ain't usually ride dirty like this.
not since I got caught
thanks to your mom and pop.
I'm a little short on manpower these days.
Pfft. don't worry about it.
-Ghost gonna get his time sooner or later.
-You going to fuck Ghost up?
No. Ghost going to fuck himself up.
He thinking about taking the rap for me
-on this whole Ray Ray shit.
-[laughs]
I ain't never know Ghost
to roll over like no little bitch.
Motherfucker win. no matter what.
You don't believe that shit though. right?
I mean. I don't know.
He seemed real enough about it.
I think he might try to pin all of it
on Dre first.
Now. that do sound like Ghost.
Maybe you can trust that nigga.
Close the trunk.
Let's take this shit to the "Eye-talians".
and then I want to show you something.
Don't you already have everything
you wanted?
Relax. I'm gonna do you a favor.
Oh. you're gonna do me a favor. really?
After blackmailing me?
That just means we're on the same side.
My advice is that you distance yourself
from Andre.
If you don't. you won't win the election.
I'm going to need more than your word.
and your spite.
Here's the truth.
I fired Andre.
Because while I was wrongfully imprisoned.
I suspected he was pushing drugs
through this club.
I was right. and ever since.
your friend. Andre.
has had a vendetta against me.
Why are you telling me this shit now?
Because he's pulling the same tricks
with the Basset hotel group.
I can tell because of how much money
they've made in such a short amount
of time.
He's in with some bad people.
and it's going to come down
on him real soon.
which means that if you don't break ties
with him.
he's gonna drag you to the bottom.
What about you. James?
You stick close to me.
And I'll be pulling you up
with me to the top.
Back in the days. me. Tommy.
and your pops used to run this block.
We was around your age.
we was selling crack
a hundred miles an hour up the street.
Until the cops started to know our faces.
Every time they seen us.
they used to hop out.
run down on us.
Ghost would be gone before we could
even think to run and shit.
See. he-- He ain't try to outrun the cops.
He just figured that as long as
he could outrun me and Tommy.
the cops would settle for us.
[scoffs]
Nigga always thinking about himself.
Well. it's worked for him so far.
Take these dimes.
hit me when you get them off.
When I get them off?
How the fuck I'm supposed to do that?
-I don't know these people.
-Figure it out.
Don't come back until you do.
Just don't get caught.
All right.
-Hey.
-Congratulations.
-Got your law license back.
-Ha. appreciate it.
So hey. uh. yeah.
I was going through old files.
trying to get back up to speed. and...
you know that guard at the MCC
who was giving you a hard time?
Well. he was brutally murdered.
You don't know anything about that. right?
-[grunts]
-Good. that's good.
In-- In not knowing anything about that.
because I wasn't your counsel at the time.
There wouldn't have been
any witnesses. would there?
So there's potential exposure?
Could be. Did something happen. Joe?
No. no. I am just doing my job.
-which is watching your back.
-Well. I appreciate that.
But I do have a question for you.
Let's say I decide to take the rap
for something I didn't do.
What's the collateral damage?
-Care to be more specific?
-I can't be.
Hypothetically. if you turn yourself
in for something.
there is no way the state
is not gonna use that
as an excuse to dig deeper
into your life.
And you already got a big target
on your back. buddy.
And what about the others
who are close to me?
Is this what you were talking
about with Angela and Tasha?
You know what. forget I asked about it.
-No.
-Stupid idea.
James. come on.
You can trust me. okay?
I'm watching your back.
The more you tell me.
that's the better I can advise you.
Now. come on. James. you-- Let me in.
Thanks. Joe.
Good seeing you.
[exhales]
And then. this guy knocked on
my door and handed this to me.
I'm being asked to appear
on the witness stand in a grand jury.
This is about you and Tariq. right?
No. it's about Ghost.
They think he murdered the man
who killed Raina.
-Did he?
-No. he didn't.
But the man who did is still out there.
and the police aren't going after him.
They're coming after us.
What's your man. Silver.
saying about all this?
-How can he help?
-He can't.
You know the alibi I asked you for?
-For me. Ghost. Tariq--
-Tommy.
Yes.
Well. I need one more.
It's for the person
who we think killed Ray Ray.
Hold up. Tash.
So you saying you know who killed
Raina's killer. right?
But you're not going to go to the cops
and tell them that.
You want me to get on the witness stand.
and risk my freedom and my life.
to lie for you instead?
'Keisha. I got you.
You know I would never let that happen.
How is it that you got me?
Have I ever asked you to commit perjury?
Have I ever hijacked your business
to clean drug money?
Even on a basic level. Tash.
Yas been over here a million times.
When's the last time
you laid eyes on Cash?
You know what. you're right.
I admit it. I haven't been
a very good friend.
But I have kept all of my promises.
You know what. if you don't want
to do this for me.
you can just say "No."
Lying about the amount of time
y'all was at the penthouse is one thing.
But me lying on somebody
who wasn't even there?
That's something different.
That's a bold-faced lie.
Tommy wasn't there. either.
but you could do it for him.
[scoffs]
[exhales]
I can't get justice for Raina.
And I can't protect my family
without your alibi. 'Keisha.
Please.
It's not my problem. Tash.
So you just gonna send me to jail?
You gonna send Tommy to jail?
How would you feel about that?
Systematic. automatic
Blast the music. yeah
Uh-uh. ain't no way you got
that shit off already.
Scared money don't make money.
Get back out there.
Kids on the corner copped it all
off of me.
The mic's my co-star
My flow is so far
Beyond yours. dog
An iceberg to a snowball
This fucking 20 is fake.
How you supposed to be out there
moving weight for me
and you getting beat for the money?
New release. same shots
Do you please say rock
[engine starts]
[Kanan] Shit. you hustling backwards.
We losing money.
Oh. that's them.
Starving artist in the garden
I be working with tree
Yo. spin the block.
-Yo. give me the gun.
-You want the strap?
Momma gave birth
When it's on. it's on
I'll fight. when I'm gone...
Don't forget to put one in the chamber.
[boy] Ah. shit.
Give me that shit
unless you want to eat caps.
All right. bro. I'm going to be running.
When it's on. it's on
I'm right when I'm wrong
I'm high and so gone
I'm singing that song
When it's on. it's on
I jump and won't fall
I'm kicking down doors
I'm breaking down walls
When it's on. it's on
[laughs]
This little nigga tweaking.
It don't always go as planned.
but it worked out. right?
[phone beeps]
You like the son
I never had or some shit.
-[laughs]
-What about Shawn?
Shawn wasn't built like us.
He was weak.
That's why you shot him?
He was disloyal.
Maybe if he was different.
he'd still be alive.
-He made me do that shit.
-He was your son.
I ain't never had no DNA test.
I should have took it.
Look. I loved the kid.
He disappointed me.
You more my son than he ever was.
Don't worry. I'd never do no grimy shit
like that to you.
How could you kill someone you love?
Some niggas say you not a real killer
till you do.
I got to go home.
All right.
I've been waiting an hour.
[Dre] Well. I couldn't get here earlier.
Too busy planning my departure
as the Basset Hotel Group's
new International General Manager.
I could give a fuck.
Diego is dead. Jason isn't.
You think you can get away with that?
Hold on. first of all...
Kanan killed Diego. Not you.
So it sounds like neither of us
kept our end of the bargain. huh?
Doesn't matter how I did it.
You owe me a body.
I tried to kill Jason. but.
the motherfucker didn't show up.
Somebody must have tipped him off.
You know. maybe you
should watch your back.
because someone in your organization
is tripping.
And for the record. I don't owe you
a motherfucking thing.
The only reason
why I'm even talking to you
is to let you. Kanan. and Tommy know
to stop fucking with me
and my crew. you hear me?
And since you killed Diego.
Alicia needs me more than ever.
The streets is mine now. James.
You've come a long way since
you chose me as your mentor
instead of Kanan.
I appreciate the lessons.
But your little mentee
got to go make some money.
I'll see myself out.
[phone unlocks]
[Benny] Fuck. it's cold out there.
Thank you for coming out all this way.
You know. we-- We got to be more careful.
-You good?
-Yeah. I mean. you know.
These feds. they're lightweights.
You know. they were just sweating me
on how much we've been seeing each other.
They didn't get dick. But this?
I mean. come on. we got to get rid
of this thing.
It's all that's left that links
you to that dead fed.
No. I need it for insurance.
There's a recording on there
that could put James and Tommy
away for life.
I'd have to burn myself in doing it.
but I could get immunity in exchange.
I'll probably have to go
into fucking WITSEC.
-Witness protection?
-Yeah.
These guys you work for.
can you trust them?
Here's the thing. I like them. I do.
But I never asked to work for them.
They used Lindsey's problem
to strong-arm me into working for them.
And the feds. no. they've been relentless.
They've threatened me.
They've threatened Elisa Marie.
It's just...
I'm having a real hard time
being loyal. Ben.
And it's killing me. you know.
because that is not who I am.
Think they'll be loyal to you?
I think I'm last
on their list of priorities.
He'd pick his girl. Valdes.
over me in a heartbeat.
Tough call.
But I know you'll make the right choice.
[Benny] Now get this fucking spy shit
out of my hands.
because it makes me nervous.
Hey.
You cool?
Don't let what happened on the block
get to you. little man.
You failed. but you fixed it.
Just never quit.
Look at me. just breaking into my own.
It took me ten years longer
than I wanted to.
but I'm about to be one of the top
distros in the city.
Like Nicky Barnes
around this motherfucker.
because whatever happens. I never quit.
-[siren wails]
-Oh. shit.
And that's something else
that ain't never change.
Motherfucking 12 sweating a nigga
for living.
-[police car door opens]
-I got that weed on me. K.
Don't pull that shit you pulled
with that security guard.
This the real police.
put that shit under your seat.
[indistinct radio chatter]
At least it's not the D's
in a unmarked car.
Those the boys that'll kill you
for selling a loosey.
Evening. Officer.
[officer] Give me your license
and registration.
Kid got ID. too?
Give him the ID. reach slow.
[officer] Are you doing all right.
young man?
Yes. Sir.
Mind if we take a look in your trunk?
I ain't got nothing to hide.
I'm going to open the trunk now.
-Tasha.
-What?
I saw you put your gun in the safe
like I told you to.
I need it for Dre. where'd you hide it?
Tasha. where the fuck is the gun?
1-10. crime to central.
Eighty-five me a sector to this location.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Don't sweat that. 'Riq.
Ain't nothing back there.
Although. cops are always
trying to make a point.
Probably sprinkling crack back there
to try and catch me on the charge.
Bad news for them.
I told you. I ain't going back.
-I know.
-[car trunk closes]
Both of you. step out of the car.
-Just do what they say.
-I'll give the kid directions.
Come on. get out of the car.
Put your hands on the hood.
No fast moves.
We found a gun in the car.
A .380 Micro Eagle in the trunk.
That's a bitch gun.
I don't know how that got back there.
[phone buzzes]
-[James] What are you laughing at?
-[Tasha] Are you fucking kidding me?
We're a family? You're a family man now?
Tasha. you went behind my back.
You did this shit behind my back!
That's right. I did.
The same way you went
behind my back with Silver.
-Where's the gun?
-With Tariq.
What-- Where's Tariq?
-With Kanan.
-With Kanan?
Yes. and the NYPD.
who are arresting him
at this very moment.
Tasha. what the fuck?
The fuck are you thinking. Tash?
Tariq's been reported missing
by his mother.
and you fit the description. which is why
we pulled you over tonight. okay?
I ain't kidnap his ass.
He here on his own free will.
-Is that true. kid?
-We was riding together.
Let the kid answer.
Tell 'em. 'Riq.
Show them what a real killer look like.
I don't know what he's talking about.
He was my friend. Shawn's father.
I thought I was safe with him.
Are you being held against your will?
-Take the kid. man.
-All right. come on. let's go.
-This the kid we're looking for.
-All right. you're safe now.
It's been a minute since I've been
in cuffs.
Don't make them too tight.
[shot fired]
-[Runnels] Stay down!
-[male officer] Gun. gun!
-[shots fired]
-[grunts]
[shooting continues]
Was Angela involved in this. too?
We tried to include you.
but you didn't want to listen.
So you both put our son's life at risk.
Tasha. you know Kanan's
not going to go down easy.
I called in a missing persons. okay?
The cops will bring Tariq in.
He'll be in police custody.
He's safe.
[gunshots continue]
-Oh. shit.
-[Runnels] Hands up!
-Stay on the ground!
-Oh. shit
[Runnels] 10-13. shots fired. 10-13!
-[indistinct radio chatter]
-[grunts]
Drop your weapon. stay on the ground!
[shots fired]
[grunts]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[officer groaning]
[pounds on door]
[dispatcher] Any available units...
[officer groans]
No. no. no. please! Please!
-[shot fired]
-[pants]
Oh. shit. Damn.
[overlapping radio chatter]
[coughs]
[sirens wailing]
Oh. my gosh. Tariq. Are you okay?
-What happened?
-Yeah. we were wondering the same thing.
Mr. and Mrs. St. Patrick.
we'd like to ask you some questions.
Mrs. St. Patrick. I'd like to start
with you first.
Follow me.
[vocalizing]
And what exactly was your relationship
with Kanan Stark?
He was a friend of the family.
When was the last time
Mr. Stark was at your house?
[Tasha] Ask LaKeisha Grant.
she was there.
He wasn't thinking about you
Because you didn't give a about me
Thought I was up in my room
Yes. I saw Kanan Stark at the penthouse
during Raina's wake.
Yes. he had opportunity
to steal Tasha's gun.
Hey. I was playing you
[vocalizing]
I was playing you
So. Ray Ray knew...
that I knew about him
stealing from my friends.
So. he was after me.
But he ended up killing my sister instead.
I knew how it all happened.
but I didn't say anything.
Now I can do whatever I want...
I told my Uncle Kanan.
but I didn't tell anyone else.
So it's funny how you...
I was just so scared.
I didn't know what to do.
I'm so sorry. Sir. for lying.
[sobs]
I'm sorry.
I was playing you
[vocalizing]
-Sergeant Rodriguez.
-What are you doing here?
Turns out Raymond Jones
was just another dirty cop on the take.
You were right. this is way below
my pay grade.
I was playing you
[vocalizing]
[Proctor] I don't have anything
to give you on St. Patrick.
But what I can say is.
if anyone is helping them out...
it's Angela Valdes.
[light buzzing]
[James] I'm glad you came. Tommy.
I figured you'd want to be here.
Vladimir. Drifty. Rolla.
Then Diego. now Kanan.
He said you'd do this.
He saw you coming.
When's it stop?
How many of my people you plan
on killing without telling me?
I ain't responsible for this. man.
Tasha set this up with Tariq.
You're going to blame your wife and kid?
You really expect me to believe
you ain't have nothing to do with this?
Was that Dre shit just to keep me
out the way?
Ghost. out of all your lies.
this one the biggest.
This ain't what family does.
You ain't listening to me. man.
Tasha made this call all on her own.
She put our son at risk. Kanan was the one
that actually helped me save him.
all right?
Come on. man. you can't think
that I actually
had something to do with this.
With you. brother.
I just don't know anymore.
[door closes]
Rest in peace. you tough bastard.
[gun cocks]
Go get the strap
Trilogy
Yeah. yeah. go get the strap
Go get the strap
Nigga. go get the strap
I am not gang-gang I do not gang bang
But play me like I'm pussy
I will pull up and bang bang
Niggas get knocked out
When they say they going to pop out
Hop out. we'll wop out
And air the whole block out
Blow the whole stock out
They're not about what I'm about
I'm a one-man band
I bring the drum out
And dump it up in your block
One o' clock. blowing the trumpet
I'm with the shits
My niggas still hit the licks
I'm stupid rich
Still doing some stupid shit
You niggas know the fives
Scared to come outside
That's the third time you've been got
Second time you've been shot
Your man just ain't your man
Shows first. then fucking ran
We on a different type of time
You on some different shit
Now. nigga don't you play
With me. play with a bitch
I ain't ran into a problem
That I can't fix
Hit your ass upside the head
With a full stick
Yeah. yeah. go get the strap
Nigga. go get the strap